This Implementation was developed by Jonathan Chen and Hridhay Suresh.

# Getting Started

Begin by [installing Stack](https://docs.haskellstack.org/en/stable/install_and_upgrade) on your local machine.

Then, run `stack build`. This will do several things:
- install GHC (the Glaglow Haskell Compiler)
- install any required dependencies of the project (in this case, `alex` and `happy` build tools, and `base` and `array` libraries)
- build the project

You can then run the executable generated by the above command using `stack exec vcgen`. You can build and run at once with `stack run`. Run the test suite using `stack test`.

# Design

Briefly, this template provides three components: the executable `app`, the verifying library `src`, and the test suite `test`. You should only need to modify `src` to implement the assignment, but you may wish to modify `test`, as detailed in the subsection below.

## `app`

This directory provides the top-level executable for the package. It reads a file name from the command-line arguments, reads the file's text, and passes that text to the library's exported `verify` function. It then prints the appropriate text based on this function's returned value.

## `src`

This directory provides the verifying library that contains the bulk of the logic for this package. We have provided a top-level interface in `Verify.hs` that is called from the executable and the test suite. There is also a parser and lexer in the `Parser` subdirectory that you will need to modify to add some logical constructs. These are written in [happy](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/happy) and [alex](https://hackage.haskell.org/package/alex), respectively.

## `test`

This directory provides a basic test suite that collects programs from the `benchmarks` directory and executes your implementation over them. It confirms that all verifiable programs are verified and vice versa. 

# Continuous Integration

This repository provides a GitHub workflow that is triggered on every push to the `main` branch on the GitHub remote. The workflow checks out the latest commit on the `main` branch and run `stack test`. It also provides access to Z3, a SMT solver, on your `PATH` with the name `z3`. Feel free to set up a different SMT solver if that is what you choose to use.

